Created toupper.md (#3137)
Codecademy/docs: content/go/concepts/strings/terms/toupper/toupper.md

---
Title: 'toupper()'
Description: 'Returns a lowercase string converted to uppercase.'
Subjects:
  - 'Code Foundations'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Strings'
  - 'Functions'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-go'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The **`toupper()`** function is used to convert lowercase alphabet to uppercase.

## Syntax

```pseudo

> func ToUpper(str string) string

Reviewer: ```suggestion
result = strings.ToUpper(str) 
```
We generall want the syntax to show the function in use, not just a signature.

```

Used to convert a given string to uppercase. 
The function accepts the given string as argument and returns the final string converting it to uppercase.

> **Note:** This only works with thte standardized alphabet characters.

## Example

In the example below, the whole string "Codecademy" is converted to uppercase.

```go
package main
import (
   "fmt"
   "unicode"
)

func ToUpper(s string) string {
   a := []rune(s)
   for i, c := range a {
      if unicode.IsLower(c) {
         a[i] = unicode.ToUpper(c)
      }
   }
   return string(a)
}

func main() {
   var input string = "Codecademy"
   var output string = ToUpper(input)
   fmt.Println(output)
}
```

This example results in the following output:

```shell
CODECADEMY
```

> This can also be acomplshied using the ToTitle() function.

Reviewer: This second example is pretty much the same as the codebyte. We can get rid of it and just leave the codebyte.

```go
package main
import (
   "fmt"
   "strings"
)

func main() {
   var str string = "Codecademy"
   var res string = ToUpper(str)
   fmt.Println(res)
}
```

This example results in the same output:

```shell
CODECADEMY
```

## Codebyte Example

In the code below, we convert a sentence in both lowercase and uppercase into just uppercase using the `toupper()` function.

```codebyte/golang
package main
  
import (
    "fmt"
    "strings"
)
  
// Main method
func main() {
  
    str1 := "This is a Codecademy Tutorial"

    res1 := strings.ToUpper(str1)

    fmt.Println(res1)
```

> This example results in the output:
> 
> ```shell
> THIS IS A CODECADEMY TUTORIAL
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
We don't need to show output for a codebyte.

---
Title: 'ToUpper()'

> Description: 'Returns a lowercase string converted to uppercase.'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Description: 'Returns a string in all uppercase.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Code Foundations'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Strings'
  - 'Functions'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-go'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The **`ToUpper()`** function is used to convert lowercase alphabet to uppercase in a given string.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **`ToUpper()`** function is used to convert lowercase characters to uppercase in a given string.
```

## Syntax

```pseudo
result = strings.ToUpper(str) 
```

The function accepts the given string, `str`, as its argument and returns the final string, `result`, converting lowercase characters to uppercase.

> > **Note:** This only works with the standardized alphabet characters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Note:** This function only works with the standard characters of the alphabet.
```

## Example

> In the example below, the whole string "Codecademy" is converted to uppercase.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the example below, `"Codecademy"` is converted to all uppercase.
```

```go
package main
import (
   "fmt"

>    "unicode"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   "strings"
```

)

> func ToUpper(s string) string {
>    a := []rune(s)
>    for i, c := range a {
>       if unicode.IsLower(c) {
>          a[i] = unicode.ToUpper(c)
>       }
>    }
>    return string(a)
> }
> 
> 
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

func main() {
   var input string = "Codecademy"

>    var output string = ToUpper(input)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   var output string = strings.ToUpper(input)
```

---

> Title: 'toupper()'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Title: 'ToUpper()'
```

Description: 'Returns a lowercase string converted to uppercase.'
Subjects:
  - 'Code Foundations'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Strings'
  - 'Functions'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-go'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The **`toupper()`** function is used to convert lowercase alphabet to uppercase in a given string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`ToUpper()`** function is used to convert lowercase alphabet to uppercase in a given string.
```

## Syntax

```pseudo
result = strings.ToUpper(str) 
```

> Used to convert a given string, `str`, to uppercase. 
> The function accepts the given string as argument and returns the final string converting it to uppercase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The function accepts the given string, `str`, as its argument and returns the final string, `result`, converting lowercase characters to uppercase.
```

> > **Note:** This only works with thte standardized alphabet characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** This only works with the standardized alphabet characters.
```
